pages/tokenizers/choosing-a-tokenizer.md, before:

# Tokenizer Comparison Guide

## Overview

This guide helps you choose the right tokenizer for your use case by comparing all 11 tokenizer implementations in Integra V7.

## Quick Selection Matrix

| Use Case | Recommended Tokenizer | Token Standard |
|----------|----------------------|----------------|
| Real estate deed (single owner) | OwnershipTokenizerV7 | ERC-721 |
| Purchase agreement (buyer + seller) | MultiPartyTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |
| High-volume multi-party docs | MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite | ERC-6909 |
| Company shares (fractional) | SharesTokenizerV7 | ERC-20 |
| Music royalties (revenue split) | RoyaltyTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |
| Property rental (time-based) | RentalTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |
| Course completion badges | BadgeTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |
| University degree (credential) | SoulboundTokenizerV7 | ERC-721 SBT |
| Escrow agreement | VaultTokenizerV7 | ERC-721 |
| Regulated securities | SecurityTokenTokenizerV7 | ERC-20 |
| Event tickets (semi-fungible) | SemiFungibleTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |

## Feature Comparison

| Feature | Ownership | MultiParty | MP Lite | Shares | Royalty | Rental | Badge | Soulbound | Vault | Security | SemiFungible |
|---------|-----------|------------|---------|--------|---------|--------|-------|-----------|-------|----------|--------------|
| **Token Standard** | ERC-721 | ERC-1155 | ERC-6909 | ERC-20 | ERC-1155 | ERC-1155 | ERC-1155 | ERC-721 | ERC-721 | ERC-20 | ERC-1155 |
| **Transferable** | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Multi-Party** | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Fractional** | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✗ |
| **Trust Graph** | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Anonymous Reservation** | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ |
| **Gas Efficiency** | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ |
| **Holder Tracking** | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Unique Per Doc** | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

## Detailed Comparison

### 1. OwnershipTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-721
**Best For**: Single-owner documents

**Characteristics**:
- One NFT per document
- Non-divisible ownership
- Transferable via standard ERC-721
- Simple ownership model

**Use Cases**:
- Real estate deeds
- Vehicle titles
- Copyright ownership
- Exclusive licenses

**Pros**:
- Simple and well-understood
- Maximum composability (works with all NFT infrastructure)
- Clear ownership semantics

**Cons**:
- Cannot split ownership
- Not suitable for multi-party documents

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)

### 2. MultiPartyTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Multi-stakeholder documents

**Characteristics**:
- Token IDs represent roles (1: buyer, 2: seller)
- Anonymous reservations with encrypted labels
- Trust credentials issued when all parties claim
- Bitmap optimization for completion tracking

**Use Cases**:
- Purchase agreements (buyer + seller)
- Lease contracts (tenant + landlord + guarantor)
- Partnership agreements
- Multi-party contracts

**Pros**:
- Full ERC-1155 compatibility
- Privacy-preserving role discovery
- Trust graph integration
- Holder tracking

**Cons**:
- Higher gas costs than Lite version
- Complexity for simple use cases

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)
**Gas Optimization**: Bitmap completion check (95% savings)

### 3. MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite

**Token Standard**: ERC-6909
**Best For**: Gas-sensitive multi-party documents

**Characteristics**:
- ERC-6909 (50% cheaper than ERC-1155)
- No mandatory callbacks
- Simpler approval system
- No holder tracking (gas savings)

**Use Cases**:
- High-volume multi-party docs
- Gas-sensitive applications
- Simple multi-stakeholder scenarios

**Pros**:
- 50% gas savings vs ERC-1155
- Used by Uniswap V4 (battle-tested)
- Simpler implementation

**Cons**:
- Fewer features than full MultiParty
- Less ecosystem support than ERC-1155
- No holder tracking

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐⭐ (Very Efficient)

### 4. SharesTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-20
**Best For**: Fractional ownership

**Characteristics**:
- Fungible shares
- Proportional ownership
- Standard ERC-20 transfers
- No anonymous reservations (ERC-20 limitation)

**Use Cases**:
- Company shares/equity
- Partnership interests
- Cooperative memberships
- Fractional real estate

**Pros**:
- Universal ERC-20 support
- Easy DeFi integration
- Simple fractional model

**Cons**:
- No role differentiation
- Cannot use anonymous reservations
- Less suitable for distinct parties

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)

### 5. RoyaltyTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Revenue split agreements

**Characteristics**:
- Token amounts = basis points (10000 = 100%)
- Enforces 100% total allocation
- Proportional revenue distribution
- Multiple stakeholders with % splits

**Use Cases**:
- Music royalties (artist 40%, producer 30%, label 30%)
- Content revenue splits
- IP licensing with multiple rights holders
- Partnership profit sharing

**Pros**:
- Built-in percentage validation
- Clear revenue split model
- Supports multiple parties

**Cons**:
- Requires 100% allocation (can't partially allocate)
- Basis points may be confusing initially

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)
**Special Validation**: Total allocation must equal 10,000 (100%)

### 6. RentalTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Time-based access rights

**Characteristics**:
- Time-limited access rights
- Expiration tracking per token
- Revocable after expiration

**Use Cases**:
- Property rentals
- Equipment leases
- Subscription access
- Temporary licenses

**Pros**:
- Time-based access model
- Expiration tracking
- Suitable for recurring agreements

**Cons**:
- Requires time management
- Additional complexity vs simple tokens

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)

### 7. BadgeTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Achievement badges and credentials

**Characteristics**:
- Non-fungible achievement tokens
- Multiple badge types per document
- Trust credentials for verifiable achievements
- Transferable (unlike Soulbound)

**Use Cases**:
- Course completion badges
- Skill credentials
- Access levels (bronze, silver, gold)
- Event attendance badges

**Pros**:
- Trust graph integration
- Multiple badge types
- Transferable (can gift/sell)

**Cons**:
- If transferability is unwanted, use Soulbound instead

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)

### 8. SoulboundTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-721 (Non-Transferable)
**Best For**: Non-transferable credentials

**Characteristics**:
- Cannot be transferred (soulbound)
- Permanently tied to recipient
- Implements transfer blocking via `_update` override
- One credential per document

**Use Cases**:
- University degrees
- Professional certifications
- Identity documents
- Verified memberships

**Pros**:
- Permanent binding to recipient
- Cannot be sold or transferred
- Clear credential semantics

**Cons**:
- No transfer means no secondary market
- Cannot recover if wallet lost

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)
**Security**: Blocks all transfers (from != 0 && to != 0)

### 9. VaultTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-721
**Best For**: Custody and escrow agreements

**Characteristics**:
- Represents custody rights
- Optional vault value tracking
- Standard NFT transfers
- One custody token per document

**Use Cases**:
- Escrow agreements
- Custody documents
- Vault access rights
- Collateral agreements

**Pros**:
- Clear custody semantics
- Value tracking built-in
- Simple model

**Cons**:
- Basic implementation (extend for complex escrow logic)

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)

### 10. SecurityTokenTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-20
**Best For**: Regulatory-compliant securities

**Characteristics**:
- ERC-20 fungible tokens
- Compliance via attestation-based access control
- Transfer restrictions via capability requirements
- No anonymous reservations

**Use Cases**:
- Regulated stocks/bonds
- Compliant token offerings
- Accredited investor shares
- Transfer-restricted assets

**Pros**:
- Built-in compliance model
- Attestation-based restrictions
- Standard ERC-20 base

**Cons**:
- Requires compliance infrastructure
- More complex than basic shares

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)
**Compliance**: Capability attestations control transfers

### 11. SemiFungibleTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Semi-fungible tokens

**Characteristics**:
- Hybrid fungible/non-fungible
- Token IDs represent types
- Quantities per type
- Similar to MultiParty but quantity-focused

**Use Cases**:
- Event tickets (VIP, General, etc.)
- Game items (Sword Class 1, 2, 3)
- Limited editions (Series A, B, C)

**Pros**:
- Flexible fungibility model
- Efficient for quantity-based types
- Well-suited for gaming/tickets

**Cons**:
- Complexity if simple NFT suffices

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)

## Decision Tree

```
Do you need transferable tokens?
├─ NO → SoulboundTokenizerV7 (credentials, degrees)
└─ YES
   ├─ Single owner or multiple parties?
   │  ├─ SINGLE → OwnershipTokenizerV7 (deeds, titles)
   │  └─ MULTIPLE
   │     ├─ Distinct roles (buyer/seller)?
   │     │  ├─ YES → MultiPartyTokenizerV7 (contracts, agreements)
   │     │  │  └─ Need extreme gas efficiency?
   │     │  │     └─ YES → MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite (high volume)
   │     │  └─ NO
   │     │     ├─ Revenue split needed?
   │     │     │  └─ YES → RoyaltyTokenizerV7 (music, IP)
   │     │     └─ Fractional ownership?
   │     │        ├─ YES → SharesTokenizerV7 (company shares)
   │     │        └─ NO → SemiFungibleTokenizerV7 (tickets, items)
   │     │
   │     └─ Time-based access needed?
   │        └─ YES → RentalTokenizerV7 (leases, subscriptions)
   │
   ├─ Achievement/badge system?
   │  └─ YES → BadgeTokenizerV7 (credentials, achievements)
   │
   ├─ Custody/escrow scenario?
   │  └─ YES → VaultTokenizerV7 (escrow, custody)
   │
   └─ Regulatory compliance needed?
      └─ YES → SecurityTokenTokenizerV7 (securities, regulated assets)
```

## Trust Graph Integration

**Tokenizers WITH Trust Graph**:
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite
- SharesTokenizerV7
- RoyaltyTokenizerV7
- RentalTokenizerV7
- BadgeTokenizerV7
- SecurityTokenTokenizerV7
- SemiFungibleTokenizerV7

**Tokenizers WITHOUT Trust Graph**:
- OwnershipTokenizerV7 (single party - no reputation needed)
- SoulboundTokenizerV7 (credentials, not transactions)
- VaultTokenizerV7 (custody, not completion-based)

**Why?** Trust graph issues credentials when document operations complete with multiple parties. Single-party or credential tokenizers don't need this.

## Gas Cost Comparison

**Most Efficient** (⭐⭐⭐⭐):
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite (ERC-6909)

**Very Efficient** (⭐⭐⭐):
- OwnershipTokenizerV7 (ERC-721)
- SharesTokenizerV7 (ERC-20)
- SoulboundTokenizerV7 (ERC-721 SBT)
- VaultTokenizerV7 (ERC-721)
- SecurityTokenTokenizerV7 (ERC-20)

**Standard** (⭐⭐):
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155 with bitmap optimization)
- RoyaltyTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155)
- RentalTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155)
- BadgeTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155)
- SemiFungibleTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155)

**Why ERC-1155 is less efficient**: Mandatory callbacks, complex approval system

## Upgradeability

**All tokenizers**:
- UUPS pattern
- Governor-controlled upgrades
- Storage gap preservation
- Proxy-based deployment

## Security Features

**All tokenizers inherit**:
- BaseTokenizerV7 access control
- Per-document executor authorization
- Attestation-based claim verification
- Process hash correlation
- Emergency pause functionality

**Soulbound-specific**:
- Transfer blocking via `_update` override
- Permanent credential binding

**Royalty-specific**:
- 100% allocation enforcement
- Basis points validation

**Security-specific**:
- Compliance attestation requirements
- Transfer restrictions

## Code Reduction

**V6 Style** (duplicated code):
- Each tokenizer: ~700 lines
- Total: ~7,700 lines (11 tokenizers)

**V7 Style** (shared base):
- BaseTokenizerV7: ~315 lines (shared)
- TrustGraphIntegration: ~340 lines (shared)
- Each tokenizer: ~250-350 lines (unique logic)
- Total: ~3,405 lines
- **Reduction**: 56% less code

## Anonymous Reservation Support

**Supported**:
- OwnershipTokenizerV7
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite
- RoyaltyTokenizerV7
- RentalTokenizerV7
- BadgeTokenizerV7
- SoulboundTokenizerV7
- VaultTokenizerV7
- SemiFungibleTokenizerV7

**Not Supported** (ERC-20 limitation):
- SharesTokenizerV7
- SecurityTokenTokenizerV7

**Why?** ERC-20 doesn't support anonymous reservations well (no token IDs, just balances).

## Integration Examples

### Single Owner Document

```solidity
// Use OwnershipTokenizerV7
ownershipTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 0, buyerAddress, 1, processHash);
ownershipTokenizer.claimToken(integraHash, tokenId, attestationUID, processHash);
// Result: Buyer owns ERC-721 NFT
```

### Multi-Party Contract

```solidity
// Use MultiPartyTokenizerV7
multiPartyTokenizer.reserveTokenAnonymous(integraHash, 1, 1, encrypt("buyer"), processHash);
multiPartyTokenizer.reserveTokenAnonymous(integraHash, 2, 1, encrypt("seller"), processHash);
// Each party claims with their attestation
// Result: Both parties have ERC-1155 tokens, trust credentials issued
```

### Royalty Split

```solidity
// Use RoyaltyTokenizerV7
royaltyTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 1, artistAddress, 4000, processHash);  // 40%
royaltyTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 2, producerAddress, 3000, processHash); // 30%
royaltyTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 3, labelAddress, 3000, processHash);    // 30%
// Total: 10000 (100%)
// Result: Proportional revenue split tokens
```

### Soulbound Credential

```solidity
// Use SoulboundTokenizerV7
soulboundTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 0, graduateAddress, 1, processHash);
soulboundTokenizer.claimToken(integraHash, tokenId, attestationUID, processHash);
// Result: Non-transferable credential NFT
// graduate.transferFrom() → REVERTS
```

## Recommendations by Industry

### Real Estate
- Deeds: **OwnershipTokenizerV7**
- Fractional RE: **SharesTokenizerV7**
- Rentals: **RentalTokenizerV7**
- Escrow: **VaultTokenizerV7**

### Finance
- Company shares: **SharesTokenizerV7**
- Securities: **SecurityTokenTokenizerV7**
- Revenue splits: **RoyaltyTokenizerV7**

### Education
- Degrees: **SoulboundTokenizerV7**
- Certificates: **BadgeTokenizerV7**
- Course completion: **BadgeTokenizerV7**

### Media & Entertainment
- Music royalties: **RoyaltyTokenizerV7**
- Event tickets: **SemiFungibleTokenizerV7**
- Content licensing: **MultiPartyTokenizerV7**

### Gaming
- Items: **SemiFungibleTokenizerV7**
- Achievements: **BadgeTokenizerV7**
- Unique assets: **OwnershipTokenizerV7**

### Legal
- Contracts: **MultiPartyTokenizerV7**
- Escrow: **VaultTokenizerV7**
- Compliance docs: **SecurityTokenTokenizerV7**

## Migration Guide

Upgrading from V6 → V7:

**Changes**:
- processHash added to all functions
- Provider abstraction (EAS + future systems)
- Bitmap optimization (MultiParty)
- New tokenizers (Lite, Badge, etc.)

**Breaking**:
- Function signatures changed (processHash parameter)
- Access control model updated

**Compatible**:
- Event structure preserved
- Token standards unchanged (ERC-20/721/1155)

## Further Reading

- [Tokenization Overview](./overview.md) - Full architecture
- Individual tokenizer docs (see below)

## Individual Tokenizer Documentation

- [OwnershipTokenizerV7](./single-owner/OwnershipTokenizerV7.md)
- [MultiPartyTokenizerV7](./multi-party/MultiPartyTokenizerV7.md)
- [MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite](./multi-party/MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite.md)
- [SharesTokenizerV7](./fractional/SharesTokenizerV7.md)
- [RoyaltyTokenizerV7](./specialized/RoyaltyTokenizerV7.md)
- [RentalTokenizerV7](./specialized/RentalTokenizerV7.md)
- [BadgeTokenizerV7](./specialized/BadgeTokenizerV7.md)
- [SoulboundTokenizerV7](./specialized/SoulboundTokenizerV7.md)
- [VaultTokenizerV7](./specialized/VaultTokenizerV7.md)
- [SecurityTokenTokenizerV7](./specialized/SecurityTokenTokenizerV7.md)
- [SemiFungibleTokenizerV7](./specialized/SemiFungibleTokenizerV7.md)

Commit message:

Expand all Overview sections to 2 comprehensive paragraphs with additional detail

pages/tokenizers/choosing-a-tokenizer.md, after:

# Tokenizer Comparison Guide

## Overview

This guide helps you choose the right tokenizer for your use case by comparing all 11 tokenizer implementations in Integra V7, analyzing their features, gas costs, token standards, and ideal applications. Understanding the differences between tokenizers is critical for building efficient and appropriate solutions, as each tokenizer is optimized for specific ownership models and use cases ranging from simple single-owner documents to complex multi-party agreements with revenue sharing.

The tokenizer selection process involves evaluating several key factors including the ownership model (single party, multiple parties, or fractional), the appropriate token standard (ERC-721 for unique ownership, ERC-1155 for multi-role scenarios, or ERC-20 for fungible shares), required features such as transferability and trust graph integration, and gas efficiency considerations for high-volume applications. This comprehensive comparison examines each tokenizer's characteristics, benefits, limitations, and real-world applications to help you make an informed decision that balances functionality with cost-effectiveness while meeting your specific business requirements.

## Quick Selection Matrix

| Use Case | Recommended Tokenizer | Token Standard |
|----------|----------------------|----------------|
| Real estate deed (single owner) | OwnershipTokenizerV7 | ERC-721 |
| Purchase agreement (buyer + seller) | MultiPartyTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |
| High-volume multi-party docs | MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite | ERC-6909 |
| Company shares (fractional) | SharesTokenizerV7 | ERC-20 |
| Music royalties (revenue split) | RoyaltyTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |
| Property rental (time-based) | RentalTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |
| Course completion badges | BadgeTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |
| University degree (credential) | SoulboundTokenizerV7 | ERC-721 SBT |
| Escrow agreement | VaultTokenizerV7 | ERC-721 |
| Regulated securities | SecurityTokenTokenizerV7 | ERC-20 |
| Event tickets (semi-fungible) | SemiFungibleTokenizerV7 | ERC-1155 |

## Feature Comparison

| Feature | Ownership | MultiParty | MP Lite | Shares | Royalty | Rental | Badge | Soulbound | Vault | Security | SemiFungible |
|---------|-----------|------------|---------|--------|---------|--------|-------|-----------|-------|----------|--------------|
| **Token Standard** | ERC-721 | ERC-1155 | ERC-6909 | ERC-20 | ERC-1155 | ERC-1155 | ERC-1155 | ERC-721 | ERC-721 | ERC-20 | ERC-1155 |
| **Transferable** | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Multi-Party** | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Fractional** | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✗ |
| **Trust Graph** | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Anonymous Reservation** | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ |
| **Gas Efficiency** | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐⭐ | ⭐⭐ |
| **Holder Tracking** | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ | ✓ |
| **Unique Per Doc** | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

## Detailed Comparison

### 1. OwnershipTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-721
**Best For**: Single-owner documents

**Characteristics**:
- One NFT per document
- Non-divisible ownership
- Transferable via standard ERC-721
- Simple ownership model

**Use Cases**:
- Real estate deeds
- Vehicle titles
- Copyright ownership
- Exclusive licenses

**Pros**:
- Simple and well-understood
- Maximum composability (works with all NFT infrastructure)
- Clear ownership semantics

**Cons**:
- Cannot split ownership
- Not suitable for multi-party documents

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)

### 2. MultiPartyTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Multi-stakeholder documents

**Characteristics**:
- Token IDs represent roles (1: buyer, 2: seller)
- Anonymous reservations with encrypted labels
- Trust credentials issued when all parties claim
- Bitmap optimization for completion tracking

**Use Cases**:
- Purchase agreements (buyer + seller)
- Lease contracts (tenant + landlord + guarantor)
- Partnership agreements
- Multi-party contracts

**Pros**:
- Full ERC-1155 compatibility
- Privacy-preserving role discovery
- Trust graph integration
- Holder tracking

**Cons**:
- Higher gas costs than Lite version
- Complexity for simple use cases

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)
**Gas Optimization**: Bitmap completion check (95% savings)

### 3. MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite

**Token Standard**: ERC-6909
**Best For**: Gas-sensitive multi-party documents

**Characteristics**:
- ERC-6909 (50% cheaper than ERC-1155)
- No mandatory callbacks
- Simpler approval system
- No holder tracking (gas savings)

**Use Cases**:
- High-volume multi-party docs
- Gas-sensitive applications
- Simple multi-stakeholder scenarios

**Pros**:
- 50% gas savings vs ERC-1155
- Used by Uniswap V4 (battle-tested)
- Simpler implementation

**Cons**:
- Fewer features than full MultiParty
- Less ecosystem support than ERC-1155
- No holder tracking

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐⭐ (Very Efficient)

### 4. SharesTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-20
**Best For**: Fractional ownership

**Characteristics**:
- Fungible shares
- Proportional ownership
- Standard ERC-20 transfers
- No anonymous reservations (ERC-20 limitation)

**Use Cases**:
- Company shares/equity
- Partnership interests
- Cooperative memberships
- Fractional real estate

**Pros**:
- Universal ERC-20 support
- Easy DeFi integration
- Simple fractional model

**Cons**:
- No role differentiation
- Cannot use anonymous reservations
- Less suitable for distinct parties

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)

### 5. RoyaltyTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Revenue split agreements

**Characteristics**:
- Token amounts = basis points (10000 = 100%)
- Enforces 100% total allocation
- Proportional revenue distribution
- Multiple stakeholders with % splits

**Use Cases**:
- Music royalties (artist 40%, producer 30%, label 30%)
- Content revenue splits
- IP licensing with multiple rights holders
- Partnership profit sharing

**Pros**:
- Built-in percentage validation
- Clear revenue split model
- Supports multiple parties

**Cons**:
- Requires 100% allocation (can't partially allocate)
- Basis points may be confusing initially

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)
**Special Validation**: Total allocation must equal 10,000 (100%)

### 6. RentalTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Time-based access rights

**Characteristics**:
- Time-limited access rights
- Expiration tracking per token
- Revocable after expiration

**Use Cases**:
- Property rentals
- Equipment leases
- Subscription access
- Temporary licenses

**Pros**:
- Time-based access model
- Expiration tracking
- Suitable for recurring agreements

**Cons**:
- Requires time management
- Additional complexity vs simple tokens

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)

### 7. BadgeTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Achievement badges and credentials

**Characteristics**:
- Non-fungible achievement tokens
- Multiple badge types per document
- Trust credentials for verifiable achievements
- Transferable (unlike Soulbound)

**Use Cases**:
- Course completion badges
- Skill credentials
- Access levels (bronze, silver, gold)
- Event attendance badges

**Pros**:
- Trust graph integration
- Multiple badge types
- Transferable (can gift/sell)

**Cons**:
- If transferability is unwanted, use Soulbound instead

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)

### 8. SoulboundTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-721 (Non-Transferable)
**Best For**: Non-transferable credentials

**Characteristics**:
- Cannot be transferred (soulbound)
- Permanently tied to recipient
- Implements transfer blocking via `_update` override
- One credential per document

**Use Cases**:
- University degrees
- Professional certifications
- Identity documents
- Verified memberships

**Pros**:
- Permanent binding to recipient
- Cannot be sold or transferred
- Clear credential semantics

**Cons**:
- No transfer means no secondary market
- Cannot recover if wallet lost

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)
**Security**: Blocks all transfers (from != 0 && to != 0)

### 9. VaultTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-721
**Best For**: Custody and escrow agreements

**Characteristics**:
- Represents custody rights
- Optional vault value tracking
- Standard NFT transfers
- One custody token per document

**Use Cases**:
- Escrow agreements
- Custody documents
- Vault access rights
- Collateral agreements

**Pros**:
- Clear custody semantics
- Value tracking built-in
- Simple model

**Cons**:
- Basic implementation (extend for complex escrow logic)

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)

### 10. SecurityTokenTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-20
**Best For**: Regulatory-compliant securities

**Characteristics**:
- ERC-20 fungible tokens
- Compliance via attestation-based access control
- Transfer restrictions via capability requirements
- No anonymous reservations

**Use Cases**:
- Regulated stocks/bonds
- Compliant token offerings
- Accredited investor shares
- Transfer-restricted assets

**Pros**:
- Built-in compliance model
- Attestation-based restrictions
- Standard ERC-20 base

**Cons**:
- Requires compliance infrastructure
- More complex than basic shares

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐⭐ (Efficient)
**Compliance**: Capability attestations control transfers

### 11. SemiFungibleTokenizerV7

**Token Standard**: ERC-1155
**Best For**: Semi-fungible tokens

**Characteristics**:
- Hybrid fungible/non-fungible
- Token IDs represent types
- Quantities per type
- Similar to MultiParty but quantity-focused

**Use Cases**:
- Event tickets (VIP, General, etc.)
- Game items (Sword Class 1, 2, 3)
- Limited editions (Series A, B, C)

**Pros**:
- Flexible fungibility model
- Efficient for quantity-based types
- Well-suited for gaming/tickets

**Cons**:
- Complexity if simple NFT suffices

**Gas Costs**: ⭐⭐ (Standard)

## Decision Tree

```
Do you need transferable tokens?
├─ NO → SoulboundTokenizerV7 (credentials, degrees)
└─ YES
   ├─ Single owner or multiple parties?
   │  ├─ SINGLE → OwnershipTokenizerV7 (deeds, titles)
   │  └─ MULTIPLE
   │     ├─ Distinct roles (buyer/seller)?
   │     │  ├─ YES → MultiPartyTokenizerV7 (contracts, agreements)
   │     │  │  └─ Need extreme gas efficiency?
   │     │  │     └─ YES → MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite (high volume)
   │     │  └─ NO
   │     │     ├─ Revenue split needed?
   │     │     │  └─ YES → RoyaltyTokenizerV7 (music, IP)
   │     │     └─ Fractional ownership?
   │     │        ├─ YES → SharesTokenizerV7 (company shares)
   │     │        └─ NO → SemiFungibleTokenizerV7 (tickets, items)
   │     │
   │     └─ Time-based access needed?
   │        └─ YES → RentalTokenizerV7 (leases, subscriptions)
   │
   ├─ Achievement/badge system?
   │  └─ YES → BadgeTokenizerV7 (credentials, achievements)
   │
   ├─ Custody/escrow scenario?
   │  └─ YES → VaultTokenizerV7 (escrow, custody)
   │
   └─ Regulatory compliance needed?
      └─ YES → SecurityTokenTokenizerV7 (securities, regulated assets)
```

## Trust Graph Integration

**Tokenizers WITH Trust Graph**:
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite
- SharesTokenizerV7
- RoyaltyTokenizerV7
- RentalTokenizerV7
- BadgeTokenizerV7
- SecurityTokenTokenizerV7
- SemiFungibleTokenizerV7

**Tokenizers WITHOUT Trust Graph**:
- OwnershipTokenizerV7 (single party - no reputation needed)
- SoulboundTokenizerV7 (credentials, not transactions)
- VaultTokenizerV7 (custody, not completion-based)

**Why?** Trust graph issues credentials when document operations complete with multiple parties. Single-party or credential tokenizers don't need this.

## Gas Cost Comparison

**Most Efficient** (⭐⭐⭐⭐):
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite (ERC-6909)

**Very Efficient** (⭐⭐⭐):
- OwnershipTokenizerV7 (ERC-721)
- SharesTokenizerV7 (ERC-20)
- SoulboundTokenizerV7 (ERC-721 SBT)
- VaultTokenizerV7 (ERC-721)
- SecurityTokenTokenizerV7 (ERC-20)

**Standard** (⭐⭐):
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155 with bitmap optimization)
- RoyaltyTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155)
- RentalTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155)
- BadgeTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155)
- SemiFungibleTokenizerV7 (ERC-1155)

**Why ERC-1155 is less efficient**: Mandatory callbacks, complex approval system

## Upgradeability

**All tokenizers**:
- UUPS pattern
- Governor-controlled upgrades
- Storage gap preservation
- Proxy-based deployment

## Security Features

**All tokenizers inherit**:
- BaseTokenizerV7 access control
- Per-document executor authorization
- Attestation-based claim verification
- Process hash correlation
- Emergency pause functionality

**Soulbound-specific**:
- Transfer blocking via `_update` override
- Permanent credential binding

**Royalty-specific**:
- 100% allocation enforcement
- Basis points validation

**Security-specific**:
- Compliance attestation requirements
- Transfer restrictions

## Code Reduction

**V6 Style** (duplicated code):
- Each tokenizer: ~700 lines
- Total: ~7,700 lines (11 tokenizers)

**V7 Style** (shared base):
- BaseTokenizerV7: ~315 lines (shared)
- TrustGraphIntegration: ~340 lines (shared)
- Each tokenizer: ~250-350 lines (unique logic)
- Total: ~3,405 lines
- **Reduction**: 56% less code

## Anonymous Reservation Support

**Supported**:
- OwnershipTokenizerV7
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7
- MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite
- RoyaltyTokenizerV7
- RentalTokenizerV7
- BadgeTokenizerV7
- SoulboundTokenizerV7
- VaultTokenizerV7
- SemiFungibleTokenizerV7

**Not Supported** (ERC-20 limitation):
- SharesTokenizerV7
- SecurityTokenTokenizerV7

**Why?** ERC-20 doesn't support anonymous reservations well (no token IDs, just balances).

## Integration Examples

### Single Owner Document

```solidity
// Use OwnershipTokenizerV7
ownershipTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 0, buyerAddress, 1, processHash);
ownershipTokenizer.claimToken(integraHash, tokenId, attestationUID, processHash);
// Result: Buyer owns ERC-721 NFT
```

### Multi-Party Contract

```solidity
// Use MultiPartyTokenizerV7
multiPartyTokenizer.reserveTokenAnonymous(integraHash, 1, 1, encrypt("buyer"), processHash);
multiPartyTokenizer.reserveTokenAnonymous(integraHash, 2, 1, encrypt("seller"), processHash);
// Each party claims with their attestation
// Result: Both parties have ERC-1155 tokens, trust credentials issued
```

### Royalty Split

```solidity
// Use RoyaltyTokenizerV7
royaltyTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 1, artistAddress, 4000, processHash);  // 40%
royaltyTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 2, producerAddress, 3000, processHash); // 30%
royaltyTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 3, labelAddress, 3000, processHash);    // 30%
// Total: 10000 (100%)
// Result: Proportional revenue split tokens
```

### Soulbound Credential

```solidity
// Use SoulboundTokenizerV7
soulboundTokenizer.reserveToken(integraHash, 0, graduateAddress, 1, processHash);
soulboundTokenizer.claimToken(integraHash, tokenId, attestationUID, processHash);
// Result: Non-transferable credential NFT
// graduate.transferFrom() → REVERTS
```

## Recommendations by Industry

### Real Estate
- Deeds: **OwnershipTokenizerV7**
- Fractional RE: **SharesTokenizerV7**
- Rentals: **RentalTokenizerV7**
- Escrow: **VaultTokenizerV7**

### Finance
- Company shares: **SharesTokenizerV7**
- Securities: **SecurityTokenTokenizerV7**
- Revenue splits: **RoyaltyTokenizerV7**

### Education
- Degrees: **SoulboundTokenizerV7**
- Certificates: **BadgeTokenizerV7**
- Course completion: **BadgeTokenizerV7**

### Media & Entertainment
- Music royalties: **RoyaltyTokenizerV7**
- Event tickets: **SemiFungibleTokenizerV7**
- Content licensing: **MultiPartyTokenizerV7**

### Gaming
- Items: **SemiFungibleTokenizerV7**
- Achievements: **BadgeTokenizerV7**
- Unique assets: **OwnershipTokenizerV7**

### Legal
- Contracts: **MultiPartyTokenizerV7**
- Escrow: **VaultTokenizerV7**
- Compliance docs: **SecurityTokenTokenizerV7**

## Migration Guide

Upgrading from V6 → V7:

**Changes**:
- processHash added to all functions
- Provider abstraction (EAS + future systems)
- Bitmap optimization (MultiParty)
- New tokenizers (Lite, Badge, etc.)

**Breaking**:
- Function signatures changed (processHash parameter)
- Access control model updated

**Compatible**:
- Event structure preserved
- Token standards unchanged (ERC-20/721/1155)

## Further Reading

- [Tokenization Overview](./overview.md) - Full architecture
- Individual tokenizer docs (see below)

## Individual Tokenizer Documentation

- [OwnershipTokenizerV7](./single-owner/OwnershipTokenizerV7.md)
- [MultiPartyTokenizerV7](./multi-party/MultiPartyTokenizerV7.md)
- [MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite](./multi-party/MultiPartyTokenizerV7Lite.md)
- [SharesTokenizerV7](./fractional/SharesTokenizerV7.md)
- [RoyaltyTokenizerV7](./specialized/RoyaltyTokenizerV7.md)
- [RentalTokenizerV7](./specialized/RentalTokenizerV7.md)
- [BadgeTokenizerV7](./specialized/BadgeTokenizerV7.md)
- [SoulboundTokenizerV7](./specialized/SoulboundTokenizerV7.md)
- [VaultTokenizerV7](./specialized/VaultTokenizerV7.md)
- [SecurityTokenTokenizerV7](./specialized/SecurityTokenTokenizerV7.md)
- [SemiFungibleTokenizerV7](./specialized/SemiFungibleTokenizerV7.md)
